#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation
# Short summary of changes for each version of Peptizer. (as from version 1.6)

----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.8.4 (May 23. 2013):*
 * fixed bootstrap loader that works with java 1.7 update 25
--------

----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.8.3 (July 25. 2012):*
 * DEPENDENCY UPDATE: updated dependency for MascotDatFile
--------

*Changes in Peptizer 1.8.2 (May 23. 2012):*
 * BUGFIX: exporting to csv failed when there were no user comments or auto generated comments
----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.8 (April 17. 2011):*
 * FEATURE: created a new welcome screen and a toolbar for a more intuitive user interface
 * FEATURE: the validation comments have been split into two distinct variables for user comments and automated Agent reporting comments.
----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.7.9 (March 29. 2011):*
 * FEATURE: added new Agent (C13Agent) that attempts to detect C13 precursor peaks by matching peptides with mass errors 1Da +- tolerance
 ----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.7.8 (March 27. 2011):*
 * FEATURE CHANGE improved operation with ms-lims
 * FEATURE: re-loading previously validated identifications from ms-lims also shows the current database validation status
 * FEATURE: added new option to store confident (non-selected) identifications in ms-lims
 * FEATURE: added popup to auto accept/reject/ignore non-validated selected peptide identifications upon saving to ms-lims
----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.7.7 (March 25. 2011):*
 * FEATURE CHANGE. Added a new filter by peptide sequence.
 ----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.7.6 (March 24. 2011):*
 * FEATURE CHANGE. Changed the logic of the substring match modification name into exact match of the modification name.
 * DEPENDENCY CHANGE. Added dependency to MascotDatfile-2.3.3 which annotates fragmentions of neutral losses.
----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.7.5 (March 21. 2011):*
 * FEATURE CHANGE. Added boolean option to the Modification Agent for exact or partial matching.
 * FEATURE CHANGE. Added C13 option to the DeltaMass Agents for matching secondary isotopes precursors.
 * FEATURE. Added Thread indicators when running different types of tasks.
----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.7.2 (Octobre 19. 2010):*
 * BUGFIX: Sequential tasks recalled peptide identifications from former tasks and analyzed these in duplicate. The IdentificationFactory now has a reset function which is called each time a new PeptizerTask is started.
----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.7.1 (Octobre 8. 2010):*
 * FEATURE CHANGE: Storage of Validation into ms-lims has been changed. All peptide identifications which were selected by an Agent profile can be rejected or accepted by right-clicking the Task tab. These validations can then be persisted into ms-lims via the save menu. Note that all peptide identifications which passed the Agent profile are accepted by default, and that this Validation is also persisted in ms-lims as true.  
----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.7 (September 22. 2010):*
 * FEATURE: Created centralized property and log location into ./user_home/.compomics/peptizer/
 * FEATURE: Implemented log4j.  
 * FEATURE IMPROVEMENT: At times, the description was to long for the tooltip. Right-clicking the Agent name shows a small popup with the description.  
 * FEATURE: Read and Write the inform property for an Agent. Thereby, the Agent inspection will be performed but is excluded from the AgentAggregation. 
----

*Changes in Peptizer 1.6 (August 1. 2010):*
 * NEW FEATURE: Added initial support for X!Tandem, OMSSA and PRIDE result files.
----